# Readings: Basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

## Introduction to HTML

Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?

- Semantics help give text meaning, it helps the dev understand what each and every tag does in more detail.

How many levels of headings are there in HTML?

- 6 levels of heading tags

When using the '<abbr>' element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?

- the attribute 'title' needs to be added

## How CSS is structured

What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?

- you can change the font, color of the text, background-color, text-alignment

Why should we avoid using inline styles?

- inline CSS is hard to manage, it's harder to edit since it isn't in the CSS file dedicated to just CSS

What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?

- a string is a sequence of text enclosed in a single quote marks

List 4 types of JavaScript operators.

- Arithmetic Operators
- Assignment Operators
- String Operators
- Comparison Operators

Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.

- A dishwasher has a set of settings and already has those settings built in, you just need to tell it to operate and it will operate, just like a function.

_An if statement checks a prompt and if it evaluates to true, then the code block will execute._

What is the use of an else if?

- else if statement is used to run a block of code if the condition is true, if the statement is false the code will not run, this helps will you want the code to only run when the input is correct.

List 3 different types of comparison operators.
- == is equal to
- === is equal value and equal type
- != is not equal

What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?
- && is the AND Operator and the || is the OR Operator
