# Readings: Problem Domain, Objects, and the DOM

## JavaScript Objects Basics

How would you describe an object to a non-technical friend you grew up with?

- An object is like a toolbox, it contains a bunch of different tools and nails that you may or may not need to use.

What are some advantages to creating object literals?

- when you want to transfer a set of data items
- helps with the tedious task of looking back at all your other variables (you can just look at your object literal instead)

How do objects differ from arrays?

- an array is harder to pull a certain property out of while objects you can just call the property name and the object

Give an example for when you would need to use bracket notation to access an object’s property instead of dot notation.

- "if an object property name is defined at runtime, you cant use dot notation to access the value"

Evaluate the code below. What does the term this refer to and what is the advantage to using this?

- This refers to the dog which is the current object and this.name is spot and this.age is 2. It helps us refer back to what the current object is and choose the output based on that.

## Introduction To The DOM

What is the DOM?

- DOM (Document Object Model) shows all the objects that make up the structure of a webpage

Briefly describe the relationship between the DOM and JavaScript.

- DOM is a Web API that helps JavaScript see a model of web pages, HTML documents, SVG documents, and all of their components.
