# Readings: HTML Lists, Control Flow with JS, and the CSS Box Model

## HTML: HyperText Markup Language

When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?

- unordered list don't have a numerical ordering and there is no meaning to the order

How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?

- you can use css and change the bullet style through the "type" attribute

When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?

- you should use an ordered list if the order is meaningful, for example; a step by step recipe or directions

Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?

Sets the numbering type:

- a for lowercase letters
- A for uppercase letters
- i for lowercase Roman numerals
- I for uppercase Roman numerals
- 1 for numbers (default)

## Learn CSS

Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?

- 

List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.

- 

## Learn JS

What data types can you store inside of an Array?

- "arrays may contain values that are simple reals or integers, vectors, matrices, or other arrays."

Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?

 const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]];
List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.

- 

Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.

 let a = 10;
 let b = 'dog';
 let c = false;

 // evaluate this
 (a + c) + b;
Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.
Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.
