# Readings: Forms and JS Events

## HTML Forms: Your first Web Form. How To Structure A Web Form

Why are forms so important in web development?

- Forms are important in web development because it helps with collecting user input and data. With that collection of data, we can later use it to return it in some way or use it however we deem fit.

When designing a form, what are some key things to keep in mind when it comes to user experience?

- I think simplicity and accessibility are major key things to keep in mind. Simplicity helps keep the user on track easily and makes the form get straight to the point.

List 5 form elements and explain their importance

- Label: provides context of the input
- Input: user’s data/input
- Textarea: used for longer messages/inputs
- Button: used for submission
- Form: an html tag that creates the form  

## Introduction To Events

How would you describe events to a non-technical friend?

- Event listeners are like a sound board, you click the button and depending on what the button is programmed for it will trigger that specific program.

When using the addEventListener() method, what 2 arguments will you need to provide?

- Type: the name of the event the eventlistener is waiting for
- Listener: What receives the trigger

Describe the event object. Why is the target within the event object useful?

- It is a parameter that gets plugged into the event handler, it helps pass on information from the event object to the event handler.

What is the difference between event bubbling and event capturing?

- The capturing phase checks from the outside in while bubbling checks from inside out, the capturing phase checks the main parent first but bubbling checks the direct parent and outwards.
