# Readings: Images, Color, Text

## Using Images In HTML

What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?

- A real world use for alt is having a picture at a museum but a person who visually impaired can't see it so there is the bumpy text they can use to read the description of the text through touch.

How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?

- You can use the alt attribute to descibe the image so viewers who are visually impaired can understand what the image is.

Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.

- A figure element is useful when you want to use an image for an example but also need context behind the image. 

Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.

- svg: used for elements, icons, diagrams that can be scaled
- gif: used for simple images and animations

What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?

- "Lossless WebP or PNG; JPEG if compression artifacts aren't a concern"

## Learn CSS

Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.

- A foreground is like the drawing on a piece of paper while the background is the paper itself.

Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?

- Depending on a theme, I would first pick a color scheme and choose what colors go where then. I think everything needs a color scheme so it looks well put together.

What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?

- web safe fonts: available on nearly all instanes and operating systems

What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?

- font-size: font in measurements
- font-weight: the boldness of the font
- font-style: mainly for the italics

Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.

- line-height: spacing between the lines
- letter-spacing: the spacing between the characters
