# Readings: Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables

## Domain Modeling

Explain why we need domain modeling.

- Domain Modeling helps us understand what things/entities are related and it helps us visualize how they can interact

## HTML Table Basics

Why should tables not be used for page layouts?

- Tables are made for presenting data and they are not very accessible. Screen readers read from top to bottom, but table data isn’t always in order so it can get confusing for the reader to understand what is going on.

List and describe 3 different semantic HTML elements used in an HTML table.

- <th> stands for table header
- <td> stands for table data
- <tr> stands for table row

## Introducing Constructors

What is a constructor and what are some advantages to using it

- An object constructor is used to reduce the use of creating multiple object literals and it helps create multiple objects with the same properties.

How does the term this differ when used  in an object literal versus when used in a constructor?

- An object literal is to define one object while an object constructor can be used to define multiple objects.

## Object Prototypes Using A Constructor

Explain prototypes and inheritance via an analogy from your previous work experience

- I don’t have work experience so I will use my volunteer experience. A Red Cross Summer Program has a set of teams and this can be seen as the Object Constructor. Each team has a senior staff member, a set of junior staff members, and a role which can be seen as the properties. Each team will inherit all of those properties.
