# Readings: HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

## Learn HTML: Creating Hyperlinks

To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?

- "<a href="url">text for link</a>" 

The href attribute contains what information?

- contains the web address

What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?

- I think naming the hyperlink either the name of the url or the purpose of the url can help the reader.

## CSS Layout: Normal Flow & Positioning

What is meant by “normal flow”?

- how the HTML is laid out on it's own without any changes

What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?

- Block elements take up the whole width of the page(unless told otherwise) and inline elements react based on the parent.

_Static_ positioning is the default for every html element.

Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.

- An absolute positioned element is on a layer of its own which means it can sit anywhere it wants, which allows free range of positioning. This can help with popup information like popup boxes, alerts, notifications and others.

What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?

- a fixed positioning stays on the page even if the page continues to scroll while absolute positoning can stay in its spot and moves along while the page is scrolling.

## Learn JS: Functions - Reusable Blocks of Code

Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.

- declaring a function is like setting a rule or teaching a robot a rule/trick but invoking a function is telling the program to do it.

What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

- an argument is the real values while a parameter is the property of a function

## 6 Reasons for Pair Programming

Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.

1. Engaged collaboration: it helps the other coder stay on track and procrastinate less and helps encourage the coder to ask for help rather than stare at the code for hours with no progress.

2. Learning from fellow students: Today I worked on my lab with other students and it really helped me learn from my classmates as well as struggle with them. It formed a kind of friendship where we just learn and grow together.
